Update _index.md separate out microcontrollers re. discord feedback (#1791)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/installation/_index.md

{{% card link="/installation/prepare/sk-tda4vm/" class="small" %}}
{{% card link="/installation/prepare/jetson-nano-setup/" class="small" %}}
{{% card link="/installation/prepare/jetson-agx-orin-setup/" class="small" %}}
{{< /cards >}}

<br>

Viam also provides a lightweight version of `viam-server` which can run on resource-limited embedded systems that cannot run the fully-featured Robot Development Kit (RDK).

> If you are using an ESP32 microcontroller, prepare your board using the following guide:

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using a microcontroller, prepare your board using the following guide:
```
